
.Foreword

ISO (the International Organization for Standardization) and IEC (the
International Electrotechnical Commission) form the specialized system for
worldwide standardization. National bodies that are members of ISO or IEC
participate in the development of International Standards through technical
committees established by the respective organization to deal with particular
fields of technical activity. ISO and IEC technical committees collaborate in
fields of mutual interest. Other international organizations, governmental and
non-governmental, in liaison with ISO and IEC, also take part in the work.

The procedures used to develop this document and those intended for its further
maintenance are described in the ISO/IEC Directives, Part 1. In particular, the
different approval criteria needed for the different types of document should be
noted. This document was drafted in accordance with the editorial
rules of the ISO/IEC Directives, Part 2 (see
link:https://www.iso.org/directives-and-policies.html[www.iso.org/directives])


Attention is drawn to the possibility that some of the elements of this document
may be the subject of patent rights. ISO and IEC shall not be held responsible
for identifying any or all such patent rights. Details of any patent rights
identified during the development of the document will be in the Introduction
and/or on the ISO list of patent declarations received (see
link:https://www.iso.org/iso-standards-and-patents.html[www.iso.org/patents])
or the IEC list of patent declarations received
(see link:https://patents.iec.ch).

Any trade name used in this document is information given for the convenience of
users and does not constitute an endorsement.

For an explanation of the voluntary nature of standards, the meaning of ISO
specific terms and expressions related to conformity assessment, as well as
information about ISO's adherence to the World Trade Organization (WTO)
principles in the Technical Barriers to Trade (TBT) see
link:https://www.iso.org/foreword-supplementary-information.html[www.iso.org/iso/foreword.html].
In the IEC, see
link:https://www.iec.ch/understanding-standards[www.iec.ch/understanding-standards].

This document was prepared by ISO/IEC JSEG 15, _Metaverse_.

Any feedback or questions on this document should be directed to the user's
national standards body. A complete listing of these bodies can be found at
link:https://www.iso.org/members.html[www.iso.org/members.html] and
link:https://www.iec.ch/national-committees[www.iec.ch/national-committees].
